--------
title: Lab 4: Arrays and Cat
--------

# Lab Submission instructions

Checkout your subversion directory:
```bash
svn co https://phoenixforge.cs.uchicago.edu/svn/cnetid-cs162-win-15
```
and create a directory for Lab 4

```bash
cd cnetid-cs162-win-15
mkdir lab4
svn add lab4     # make it a working copy
cd lab4
touch README     # README is now a working copy
svn add README
```
and then you can start working.  

You get two 24-hour lab extensions this quarter, email me: [my last name] `at` cs `dot` uchicago `dot` edu for them.
Make sure that you run

```bash
svn commit -m "update"
```

frequently as you work on the lab so that you will definitely have a submission come the midnight deadline.  Late submissions are not
accepted: the time-stamp counts.  Ensure that your lab code runs on the school machines.  If you are having difficulty working with the lab machines then see me during office hours before the deadline.

Please ensure that each lab submission is in a distinct folder. For instance,
for this lab the path to the lab subdirectory should be:

```bash
cnetid-cs162-win-15/lab4
```

## The README file

The `README` should contain commands for
how to run your program on the school linux machines.  Ensure that your code
runs on the machines that is a minimal requirement to receive a non-zero
grade in the lab assignment. This should contain your name, a list of files you are submitting, and
at least a sentence or two about each file.

Additionally make sure to add comments to your code explaining each of
the procedures you use.

# Lab4 Implementing an array and cat

The lab for this week is [here](../fls/lab4_2.pdf) and the [files are here](../fls/lab4Files.zip).  Code that gives a solution
to last week's lab is [here](../fls/lab3.tar.gz).